Add note about lazy-loaded images with width or height 0 not loading. (#28077)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/img/index.md

      - : Defers loading the image until it reaches a calculated distance from the viewport, as defined by the browser. The intent is to avoid the network and storage bandwidth needed to handle the image until it's reasonably certain that it will be needed. This generally improves the performance of the content in most typical use cases.

    > **Note:** Loading is only deferred when JavaScript is enabled. This is an anti-tracking measure, because if a user agent supported lazy loading when scripting is disabled, it would still be possible for a site to track a user's approximate scroll position throughout a session, by strategically placing images in a page's markup such that a server can track how many images are requested and when.

>     > **Note:** Images that have `loading` set to `lazy` will never be loaded if they do not intersect a visible part of an element at all, even if loading them would change that. (Since unloaded images have a width and height of 0.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** Images with `loading` set to `lazy` will never be loaded if they do not intersect a visible part of an element, even if loading them would change that as unloaded images have a `width` and `height` of `0`. Putting `width` and `height` on lazyloaded images fixes this issue and is a best practice, [recommended by the specification](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/embedded-content.html#the-img-element:~:text=Developers%20are%20encouraged%20to%20specify%20a%20preferred%20aspect%20ratio). Doing so also helps prevent layout shifts.
```
